docs: replace cert-manager (#1210)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/install/cert-manager.md

---

> title: Implement your own cert-manager (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use your own cert-manager (optional)
```

description: Replace the default KLT cert-manager
weight: 30
hidechildren: false # this flag hides all sub-pages in the sidebar-multicard.html
---

The Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit includes
a light-weight, customized cert-manager

> that is used for installation and to implement Webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is used to register Webhooks to the [KubeAPI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).
```

Bundling the cert-manager simplifies the installation for new users
and provides the functionality KLT needs
without the overhead of other cert-managers.

However, KLT works well with standard cert-managers.
You can redefine the cert-manager that KLT uses *before* you install KLT.

The steps are:

* Install the cert-manager of your choice.
* Modify the `Deployment` manifest of each KLT component.
* Add the `Certificate` CRD for the cert-manager you are using.

## Modify the KLT manifest

You must modify the KLT manifest for each KLT component
to make it aware of the cert-manager you are using.
The instructions here are for implementing
[cert-manager.io](https://cert-manager.io/);
the process is similar for other cert-managers.

To do this, change the `Deployment` manifest of each KLT component
and **replace** the following `volumes` definition

   ```yaml
   - emptyDir: {}
     name: certs-dir
   ```

   with

   ```yaml
   - name: cert
     secret:

>      defaultMode: 420
>      secretName: webhook-server-cert

Reviewer: to fix the yaml indentation
```suggestion
       defaultMode: 420
       secretName: webhook-server-cert
```

   ```

Each manifest must have the following special annotation:

```yaml
cert-manager.io/inject-ca-from=klt-serving-cert/keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system
```

The value of the annotation must match the
`name/namespace` of the cert-manager CRD discussed below.

## Add the CRD for your cert-manager

```yaml
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: Certificate
metadata:
  name: klt-serving-cert 
  namespace: keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system
spec:
  dnsNames:
  - lifecycle-webhook-service.keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system.svc
  - lifecycle-webhook-service.keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system.svc.cluster.local
  issuerRef:
    kind: Issuer
    name: klt-selfsigned-issuer

>   :secretName webhook-server-cert // this has to match the name of the "secretName" field in the volume definition of step 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  secretName webhook-server-cert // this has to match the name of the "secretName" field in the volume definition 
```
